README.md, before:


# Statistic for Instagram
Web application in Django according to the technical specifications

## Description
The system automatic traking statistic for Instagram account, 
what user can add to the system.

## Basic Requirements
  - ADD Instagram account for tracking
  - View detailed statistics for each account
  - View lists of accounts with information
  - View statistics for periods
  - Count changed followers for periods in percent


---
## Installation with Docker

<h3>When the repository is <u>cloned:</u></h3>


**1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` file and fill all environment variables**

**2. In order to run the application, you need a Docker desktop**

Navigate to the project directory and run:

   ```shell
   docker compose build
   ```
   
**3. After that you have to execute the following command. 
   It creates the images if they are not located locally and starts the containers and configures 
   all the connections and networking between the containers**


   ```shell
   docker compose up
   ```
Be sure to make sure that all containers are running. 
If the containers do not rise for some reason, follow the instructions in the notes
with the help of the command: 
   ```shell
    docker ps
  ```
    
   - rtas_backend-web-1
   - rtas_backend-redis-1
   - rtas_backend-db-1
   - rtas_backend-worker-1
   - rtas_backend-celery-beat-1

Starting development server at  http://127.0.1:8000/
  
## Installation without Docker

Create virtual env.

   ```shell
   python -m venv venv
   ```
  
   Activate virtual env.
   
   on Windows: 
   ```shell
   cd venv/Scripts
   ```
   ```shell
   ./activate
   ```
  on Linux or Mac
   ```shell
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
   Install requirements:
   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
 

## Usage

**1. Usage**

 **Sign up**
   Before using the service, you must register on the application page.
 - http://127.0.1:8000/signup/



## Technologies
 - Python 3.11
 - Django 
 - Docker 
 - Docker-compose
 - PostgreSQL
 - Redis
 - Celery
 - Insagrapi


## License
MIT License

Created by Alex Grig
email:alexgrig.cyber@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added pre-commit hooks and updated some files

README.md, after:


# Statistic for Instagram
Web application in Django according to the technical specifications

## Description
The system automatic traking statistic for Instagram account, 
what user can add to the system.

## Basic Requirements
  - ADD Instagram account for tracking
  - View detailed statistics for each account
  - View lists of accounts with information
  - View statistics for periods
  - Count changed followers for periods in percent


---
## Installation with Docker

<h3>When the repository is <u>cloned:</u></h3>


**1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` file and fill all environment variables**

**2. In order to run the application, you need a Docker desktop**

Navigate to the project directory and run:

   ```shell
   docker compose build
   ```
   
**3. After that you have to execute the following command. 
   It creates the images if they are not located locally and starts the containers and configures 
   all the connections and networking between the containers**


   ```shell
   docker compose up
   ```
Be sure to make sure that all containers are running. 
If the containers do not rise for some reason, follow the instructions in the notes
with the help of the command: 
   ```shell
    docker ps
  ```
    
   - rtas_backend-web-1
   - rtas_backend-redis-1
   - rtas_backend-db-1
   - rtas_backend-worker-1
   - rtas_backend-celery-beat-1

Starting development server at  http://127.0.1:8000/
  
## Installation without Docker

Create virtual env.

   ```shell
   python -m venv venv
   ```
  
   Activate virtual env.
   
   on Windows: 
   ```shell
   cd venv/Scripts
   ```
   ```shell
   ./activate
   ```
  on Linux or Mac
   ```shell
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```
   Install requirements:
   ```shell
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
 
## Installation of pre-commit hooks

This project uses pre-commit hooks for automatic code checking before committing. To use this functionality, follow these steps:

1. Install pre-commit on your computer if it is not already installed:
   ```shell
   pip install pre-commit
   ```
   After that, navigate to the root of your repository and run the command:

   ```shell
   pre-commit install
   ```    

This will automatically set up pre-commit hooks for your repository. Now, before each commit, your code will be automatically checked against the specified rules.

### Available pre-commit hooks

- **isort**: Sorts import statements alphabetically within each section, and also automatically removes unused imports.
- **black**: Formats code according to the Black code style.
- **flake8**: Runs the Flake8 linter to check for syntax errors, style violations, and other issues.

## Usage

**1. Usage**

 **Sign up**
   Before using the service, you must register on the application page.
 - http://127.0.1:8000/signup/



## Technologies
 - Python 3.11
 - Django 
 - Docker 
 - Docker-compose
 - PostgreSQL
 - Redis
 - Celery
 - Insagrapi


## License
MIT License

Created by Alex Grig
email:alexgrig.cyber@gmail.com
